{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms of Service\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Studypool is owned by Studypool inc. Studypool inc. owns www.createpool.com a network of 4 online marketplace websites. 1) www.hackerpool.com ( for programming help ), 2 www.studypool.com ( for academic help), 3 www.mechanicpool.com ( for mechanic help) , 4 www.counselpool.com ( for legal help ).\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs44 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Message to Users: How studypool works\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool is a marketplace for the exchange of information and services. Its purpose is to make an efficient connection between people looking for information or services, and people providing knowledge or skills.\
You start the process by posting a question, setting a time limit for responses and pledging how much you are willing to pay for the best answer. Or, you may start the process by answering a question.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Basic questions:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Basic questions are questions that have a payment of less than $10. Anyone can answer these questions. Once you have received a satisfactory answer or your time limit has expired you will be required to take action (either Pay for the answer or Withdraw the question). You should pay only if you are satisfied with your answer. You should withdraw if you are not satisfied with your answer. If you withdraw your question, studypool will review your withdrawal as soon as possible and either approve or decline your withdrawal. If you withdrawal is declined, it is because your reason was not viewed as fair by the studypool review team. If your reason is judged not to be fair, you will receive a negative reputation.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Premium question:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Premium questions are questions that are harder to answer than basic questions. If your payment is $10 or greater, your question will be required to be premium; if your payment is less than $10, you may decide to make your question a premium question. When you ask a premium question, you will receive requests from answerers offering to give you an answer. If fitting, choose an answerer best suited to answer your question. You will be required to pay a 50% down payment to studypool. Upon being chosen to answer your question, the answerer will work on the question and provide you with an answer. Once you have received an answer or your time limit has expired, you will be required to take action (Pay or Withdraw). Pay if you have received a satisfactory answer. Withdraw if you have received an unsatisfactory answer. We will return your down payment if your reason is fair. We will not refund your down payment if your reason is not fair, but pay it to the answerer and you will receive a negative reputation.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question action:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You will be required to take action (Pay for the answer or withdraw the question) within three days of your time limit expiring. If you do not take action, you will receive a negative reputation and if your question is a premium question your down payment will be paid to the answerer.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Task\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our tasks follow the same model as our question/ answer system. There are basic and premium tasks. Basic tasks are $10 or less and payment is made after completion. Premium tasks are more than $10, and the asker pays a down payment to studypool to hold until the task is complete. The difference between questions and tasks is that with tasks, the answerers offers a time limit by which he/she can complete the task and the asker agrees to this time limit. This is unlike the question/answer system, where the asker chooses the time limit for an answer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs44 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms of Use\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The following terms apply to the relationship between you and studypool. By accessing, browsing and/or otherwise using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by these terms, and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to all of these terms, you may not access, browse and/ or use this website. The material provided on this Site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States copyright law and international treaties.\
If you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use this website automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials and discontinue use of any hyperlinks to this website.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Account policy:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Service fee:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool charges the answerer a service fee equal to 20% of each transaction . By making a payment to studypool, you automatically agree all our terms and conditions and guarantee that you are at least 13 years old. If you don't agree any of our terms and conditions, or you are not at least 13 years old, you should stop using our service now.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Refunds:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Refunds are not provided because you determine that the services are satisfactory and acceptable before your payments are made.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Affiliate Program\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you use our affiliate program, you agree that you will not use our affiliate links and ads to spam or break any terms of service of a third party site. Furthermore, you are responsible for any spam or terms of service you have broken.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Content:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your content:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are responsible for what you ask and answer. If your questions are not chosen to be "private" the questions and answers can be seen by everyone.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Answer quality:"\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool has no control over the content and accuracy of answers and thus does not assume any responsibility for their content. We do not guarantee the accuracy of answers and whether they are correct or not. It is up to your judgment to decide the quality and accuracy of an answer.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consequences of answers (disclaimer):\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool has no control over the content of answers and thus is not liable for any consequences that result from answers. These consequences include, but are not limited to, injury, illness, financial loss, and death. You must use your best judgment.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Payment:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chargebacks\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You acknowledge and agree that studypool will be entitled to recover any chargebacks that may be imposed on studypool by a credit card issuer on funds paid to you by users through the Site. A chargeback occurs when an user rejects or reverses a charge on his or her credit card through the credit card issuer. You agree that studypool may reverse any such payments made to you, which are subject to chargeback via a credit card issuer. To cover the cost of processing chargebacks, studypool assesses a US$20.00 fee to Users for credit and debit card payment chargebacks.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hold on funds\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Studypool, in its sole discretion, may place a hold on any or all of the payments you receive when studypool believes there may be a high level of risk associated with you, your Account, or any or all of your transactions. If studypool places a hold on any or all of the payments you receive, you will be provided with notice of our actions and the way in which to resolve the issue. If you are involved in a dispute, in certain circumstances studypool may place a temporary hold on the funds in your account to cover the amount of any potential liability. If the dispute is resolved in your favor, Studypool will lift the temporary hold. If you lose the dispute, studypool may remove the funds from your Account.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Action" for Paid Questions:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It is your responsibility to take "action" on your Paid Questions. Taking action means choosing wether to pay the remaining 60% of your question budget and release the 40% downpayment to the tutor for the total 100% value of your question budget or to withdrawal your question to claim a refund. "Action" is required upon 3 days of your questions time limit expiring.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Failure to take "Action":\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you fail to take "action", Studypool will assume that you are satisfied with the service you received and take the remaining 60% from your selected payment method. All charges will be made with in the calendar year of your question being posted.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cancel pending balances\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you or an account you're connected with have broken our terms and policy we are not obliged to pay out your balance. If you or an account you're connected with is suspended or banned we are not obliged to pay out your balance. Studypool, in its sole discretion, may choose to cancel your balance.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Insufficient funds in Accounts\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there are not sufficient funds in your account to meet outstanding fees and charges, studypool reserves the right to collect any amounts owing to studypool by any other legal means.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Disclaimer warranty:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This website, including all software, functions, materials, and information, is provided \'93as is\'94 without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. likeplyum disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of quiet enjoyment and non-infringement and implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, quiet enjoyment, merchantability of computer programs, data accuracy, system integration, and informational content. studypool does not warrant or make any representations regarding the operation of this website, the use, validity, accuracy or reliability of, or the results of the use of the materials on this website or any other sites linked to this website. The materials of this website may be out of date, and studypool makes no commitment to update the materials at this website. studypool does not and cannot guarantee or warrant that the files available for downloading from this website, if any, will be free from infection, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. studypool does not warrant that this website, software, materials, products, or services will be uninterrupted or error-free or that any defects in this website, software, materials, products, or services will be corrected.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Limitation of liability\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In no event will studypool, its suppliers or other third parties mentioned at or in this website be liable for any damages, including, without limitation direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, damages resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption arising out of relating to the use, inability to use, or resulting from the use of this website, any web sites linked to this website, the materials, software or other information contained in any or all such sites, whether based on warranty, contracts, statutes, regulations, tort (including but not limited to, negligence) or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of the materials or information from this website results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume all costs thereof. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.\
Without limiting the preceding paragraph, studypool is not liable for medical or legal advice. studypool does not practice medicine or law.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Professional Certificates:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Before you can interact with an Expert/Genius, you will be required to agree to a Disclaimer reminding you of these and other important provisions of the Terms.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User responsibility for content:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are responsible for content you post onto the studypool website or through studypool services, and for any material or information you transmit to other users or interactions you have with those members or users. studypool does not endorse or control your or anyone else's content. studypool may not review your content prior to submission; the responsibility for the appropriateness or legality of the content rests with you.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Prohibited Content:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Below is a non-exhaustive list of content that is illegal or prohibited by studypool from being uploaded or posted on the studypool website or through studypool services:\
(a) Offensive material or material that promotes insensitivity or hatred, such as racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm against any person, group or animal;\
(b) Contains nudity, violence or offensive subject matter, or contains links to adult websites;\
(c) Provides telephone numbers, or other personal and private information about you or anybody else;\
(d) Is information that you know or have good reason to believe is false or misleading, promotes illegal activities, or promotes conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;\
(e) Takes or uses an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work;\
(f) Involves the transmission of spam, which includes and is not limited to "junk mail", "chain-mail", "spamming" and so forth;\
(g) Contains restricted or password only accessible pages or hidden pages or images.\
(h) Uploading or selling or doing anything that is not permitted by law (including, but not limited to, the law of the United States and the State of Delaware). studypool is not responsibile for user uploaded/posted content.\
Users are responsible for the content they post. Anyone who disagrees with this condition must stop using studypool and all its services immediately.\
It is your responsibility not to sell any illegal material through studypool (according to, but not limited to, United States law and the law of the state you are in).\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reporting inappropriate material:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you report offensive material, studypool will review that material and delete it if appropriate.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Discretion to ban content and/or members:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool reserves the rights, in its sole discretion, to warn, remove or ban any member or any content for any reason, with or without notice.\
For all content posted, studypool reserves the right in its sole discretaion to delete all or part of any content that studypool\'92s believes breaches these terms and the linked terms, or is not within studypool\'92s quality standards (as determined by studypool in its sole discretion), or is considered offensive, is illegal or violates the rights and safety of any person. studypool is NOT responsible for monitoring or actively "policing" studypool services for inappropriate or illegal content or member conduct. Even if studypool chooses in its sole discretion to monitor or "police" studypool services or the studypool website, studypool does not assume any responsibility for content, any obligation to modify or remove inappropriate content, any responsibility for the conduct of any member and his or her content, or any responsibility for failing to notice or report such inappropriate content when exercising this discretionary right.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy, copyrights, IP, proprietary rights, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Personal use of information:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool is for your personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by studypool, any access or attempt to access other areas of the studypool computer system or other information contained on the system for any purposes is strictly prohibited. You may not collect information about others to send spam, advertise, publish or redistribute.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No posting links to competitive websites on any part of the website:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You agree not to use or launch any automated system, such as, without limitation, "robots" or "crawlers", that can access the studypool website in a way that sends more request messages to its servers in a certain time period than a human user or member can reasonably produce in such time period using a conventional Internet web browser. studypool only allows operators in charge of public search engines to use "crawlers" to copy information from our website for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of materials. You agree not to collect personally identifiable information, such as usernames and email addresses, from the our website. You may not share or send any message within the site or junk emails to other users. You must not use any information obtained from studypool services or the studypool website, in order to contact, advertise or sell to any member or user without his or her prior explicit consent.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyrights:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Because you are responsible for the content you post, you are responsible for any infringement of the rights of others.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Proprietary rights in studypool content:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
By posting content on the website or through our services, you hereby grant to studypool a fully paid up, sublicenseable, non-exclusive worldwide continual license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute all or part of such content on and through studypool services or its website and through studypool and its affiliated entities, and other off-line services and products, and to charge for access to and/or use of your content. This license does not apply if you make your question private.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No infringing other rights:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your uploaded content on studypool or through studypool's services, may not breach privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, proprietary rights or any other rights of any person.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IP Laws & Personal Rights:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool materials and studypool services are protected by intellectual property and other laws, and studypool retains all rights in studypool materials and studypool services. studypool grants you a limited, personal, revocable, non transferable license to reproduce and display the studypool material solely for your personal educational use.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Third party rights:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool services contains content of studypool's users and, potentially, third parties. Other than content posted by you, you agree not to copy, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any content appearing on or through the studypool website and studypool services other than by downloading and printing for your own personal educational use.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright policy:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You agree that you will not (using studypool services or the studypool name) post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way, intellectual property belonging to others or studypool without obtaining prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. studypool holds the right to terminate membership privileges of any member who infringes the intellectual property of others upon receipt of notice to studypool by or for the rights\'92 owner.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Collection of information. studypool may disclose your personal information including your username, email address, university details. All personal information will be handled, used and maintained by studypool in accordance with all applicable privacy laws, data protection laws and its Privacy Statement.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use of information:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You agree that you will only use the personal information of other users for the purposes of this agreement and for the purposes of interacting with other users in relation to studypool services. Unless separately agreed between you and another user, you must not use another user\'92s personal information for any other purpose.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Applicable privacy laws:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You agree that you will comply with all privacy laws and data protection laws in relation to the storage, use and transfer of personal information.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Disputes between users:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are responsible for your interactions with other users.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Disputes between you and studypool:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For any disputes with studypool, you agree that the dispute shall be governed by the laws of the United States (including but not limited to federal law and law of the State of Delaware).\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Study Material:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Study Material:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Study Material is a service studypool provides which gives students access to helpful study resources including old Q/A, Free questions, and tutor uploaded documents.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User responsibility for content:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Because you are responsible for the content you post, you are responsible for any infringement of the rights of others. You are responsible for all the documents that you upload to Study Material.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Proprietary rights in uploaded content/documents:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
By uploading content onto Study Material, you hereby grant to studypool a fully paid up, sublicenseable, non-exclusive worldwide continual license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute all or part of such content on and through studypool services or its website and through studypool and its affiliated entities, and other off-line services and products, and to charge for access to and/or use of your content. This license applies if Study Material is modified or terminated.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright Dispute Policy:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It is Studypool's policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. In accordance with the DMCA, Studypool has adopted this policy toward copyright infringement. This page describes the procedure for raising copyright issues with Course Hero, including information that should be present in these notices pursuant to Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Trademarks:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos (the \'93Trademarks\'94) used and displayed on this website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of studypool or licensed to studypool. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of studypool, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of studypool. You acknowledge that the Trademarks used and displayed on this website are and shall remain the sole property of studypool or the Trademark owner. Nothing in these terms shall confer any right of ownership of any of the Trademarks in you. Further, nothing in this website shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any Trademark used or displayed on the website, without the express written permission of studypool or the Trademark owner. The misuse of the trademarks displayed on this website, or any other content on the website, is strictly prohibited.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Revisions to these terms:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
studypool may revise these terms at any time without notice by updating this page. By using the studypool website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically visit this website and page to determine the then current terms of use to which you are bound.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Studypool Honor Code\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Studypool goes above and beyond to help you not just pass a class, but expand your education by connecting you with online tutors that can help solve your academic questions. Studypool is intended to be used as an academic recourse for students, where students can connect with tutors that can explain and help the students solve academic problems. Questions posted on Studypool should be similar to ones you would ask your teacher after class, "explain to me how to get this answer....". We are dedicated to providing high quality academic resources to help you learn more effectively, and we are equally committed to ensuring proper usage and protecting ownership of those resources.\
While we believe that the majority of Studypool members use the site in the manner in which it was intended, we ask that all users upon registration confirm that they have read, understand, and agree to comply with Studypool's Honor Code. By joining Studypool, users agree to the following:\
We expect our users to act with academic integrity. Therefore, anyone who misuses our site for the express purpose of cheating and/or claiming another user's content as their own will be met with appropriate action. "Misuse of our site" includes, but is not limited to:\
Copying solutions directly from Studypool resources and submitting them as your own.\
Uploading another person's materials to Studypool and claiming them as your own.\
Using Studypool tutors to complete tests or homework assignments when instructed not to use outside help.\
Using Studypool in any manner that violates your instructor or institution's academic Honor Code.\
\
Cheating is ill advised for several of reasons:\
First, by stealing someone else's ideas, you're not bothering to learn the material yourself. You've shelled out a handsome sum in tuition, and cheating only erodes the value of the education in which you've invested.\
Second, you will likely get caught. Many universities leverage sophisticated technologies to scan for plagiarized material in student submitted work.\
Third, the consequences are severe, and for many institutions convictions of academic dishonesty can result in probation, suspension or even expulsion.\
We welcome suggestions and feedback on how we can improve our Honor Code.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright / DMCA\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is copyright and why is it important?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
According to the US Copyright Office, copyright is a form of intellectual property law that protects original works of authorship including literary, dramatic, musical, and artistic works, such as poetry, novels, movies, songs, computer software, and architecture. Copyright does not protect facts, ideas, systems, or methods of operation, although it may protect the way these things are expressed.\
Copyright grants the author of a work exclusive rights to copying, distributing, preparing derivative works based on a work and performing or displaying the work publicly. It ensures that authors are the sole benefactors of their work.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is copyright and why is it important?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Studypool complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We act expeditiously to remove offending material when a copyright owner notifies us that a piece of content on Studypool allegedly infringes its rights.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do I know who owns the copyright of a certain material?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Generally speaking, copyrights are held by the creator of the material. However, there are a couple of exceptions including, but not limited to, the following:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Employers who own the rights to employee work\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fair Use content\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Public Domain content\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720
\cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There is no official copyright notice on this material -- is it still copyrighted?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright holders are not required to label their work with an official copyright notice in order for the work to still be protected by copyright law. If the material in question was created after 1923, then it is copyrighted for 95 years after the date it was created. If you are not the author of the specific material you wish to upload, you MUST get express permission from the author.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do I know if content I want to upload to Studypool is copyrighted by someone else?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The best way to tell if a work is copyrighted is to ask yourself -- did I create this material? If the answer is no, then the copyright is held by the individual who created the material and the content is not yours to share. Remember, if you are uploading someone else\'92s material to Studypool, you must have express permission from the author to do so. Uploading something without permission infringes upon the author\'92s copyright and is not condoned by Studypool.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do I report copyrighted materials on Studypool\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Studypool is dedicated to protecting the rights of copyright holders, and it is our policy to immediately respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. In order to comply with DMCA protocol, only the copyright holder of a certain work can file a DMCA take-down request for that work.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is DMCA?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Digital Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a United States copyright law that addresses the protection of digital copyrighted materials.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is a DMCA take-down request?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here is a sample DMCA-compliant take-down request:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. Econ 101 Study guide, My University\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2. [Document URL]\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3. Name: Jane Doe\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a. Address: 1700 Seaport Blvd., Suite 150, Redwood City, CA 94063\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
b. Phone: (555) 555-5555\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
c. Email: example@createpool.com\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4. I, in good faith believe that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5. The information in this letter is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
6. Signature: Jane Doe\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720
\cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright Dispute Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It is Studypool's policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. In accordance with the DMCA, Studypool has adopted the policy below toward copyright infringement. This page describes the procedure for raising copyright issues with likeplum inc.luding information that should be present in these notices pursuant to Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.\
Studypool reserves the right to (1) block access to or remove material that we believe in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders.\
Remember that your use of Studypool\'92s Services is at all times subject to the Terms of Use, which incorporates this Copyright Dispute Policy. Any terms Studypool uses in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How to file a notice of copyright infringement with Studypool.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 To file a notice of copyright infringement with Studypool, you will need to provide a written communication that sets forth the items specified below. Pursuant to Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please use the following format (including section numbers):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(c)(3)(A)(ii): Please identify the copyrighted work or list of works claimed to have been infringed.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(c)(3)(A)(iii): Please provide us with the specific identification and location of the copyrighted work, including its URL on Studypool. We need to make sure we properly locate the material you cited in Part 1.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(c)(3)(A)(iv): Please provide us with your contact information (name, address, phone number, and email address). We need to make sure we can get in touch with you throughout the process to ensure that your claim is sufficiently addressed.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(c)(3)(A)(v): Please provide a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. We need this statement and the following two items to help protect against the possibility of erroneous or mistaken notifications.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(c)(3)(A)(vi): Please provide a statement that the information in your letter is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work, or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right to the identified work.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(c)(3)(A)(i): Please provide a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. In some instances, this may be you.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once Studypool receives proper bona fide infringement notification.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Upon receipt of a proper notice of copyright infringement, Studypool reserves the right to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0\cf1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
remove or disable access to the infringing material;\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
notify the content provider who is accused of infringement that Studypool has removed or disabled access to the applicable material; and\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
terminate such content provider\'92s access to the Services if he or she is a repeat offender.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How to file a counter notice with Studypool.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 If Studypool does remove or disable access in response to a proper DMCA notice, Studypool will promptly contact the content provider so that they may make a counter notification.\
If the content provider believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner\'92s agent, or pursuant to the law, the content provider may send Studypool a counter notice as described below. Pursuant to Section 512(g) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please use the following format (including section numbers):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0\cf1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(g)(3)(A): Please provide a physical or electronic signature with your written communication.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(g)(3)(B): Please identify each item you believe was mistakenly removed or disabled for access, and provide the location at which the material was previously located.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(g)(3)(C): Please provide a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief the material was mistakenly removed;\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17 U.S.C. \'a7 512(g)(3)(D): Please provide your name, address, and telephone number. Under the DMCA, you also need to provide a statement consenting to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial address of your address. If you do not reside in the United States, please provide a statement consenting to jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of California, and accepting service of process from the individual (or his or her agent) who placed the DMCA takedown request.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
If Studypool receives a counter notice, it may, in its discretion, send a copy of the counter notice to the original complaining party informing that person that Studypool may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider accused of committing infringement, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days after receipt of the counter notice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How does Studypool treat my private information?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs26 \cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Studypool takes your privacy very seriously. For information on how Studypool treats your private information, please refer to Studypool\'92s full Privacy Policy.\
Note that in the instance of a clear breach of Studypool\'92s Terms of Service, Studypool may share a user\'92s publicly available information with an entity (eg. an academic institution) which may have been impacted by the misuse.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720
\cf1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}